Add support for RSA X509 certificates (#72)
mobilecoinfoundation/attestation: verifier/data/tests/pub_keys/README.md

# Public Keys For Testing

Public keys created with openssl. The private keys are not included to avoid
being flagged by security scans.

> The ecdsa public keys were created using OpenSSL and the following command
> lines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ecdsa public keys were created using OpenSSL and the following commands:
```

```console
openssl ecparam -name prime256v1 -genkey -noout -out <private_key_file>.pem
openssl ec -in <private_key_file>.pem -pubout -out <public_key_file>.pem
```

> For the RSA keys, the following command lines were used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the RSA keys, the following commands were executed:
```
